Builders Feature Branch (#74)
mongodb/docs-kotlin: source/fundamentals/builders/projections.txt

element of an array that matches a supplied query filter. This filtering occurs *after* all documents matching the
query filter (if supplied) are retrieved.

.. note::

   Only the first element that matches the specified query filter will be included,
   regardless of how many matches there may be.

The following example projects the first element of the ``temperatures`` array where the ``avg`` field is
greater that ``10.1``:

.. io-code-block::

   .. input:: /examples/generated/ProjectionsBuildersTest.snippet.project-array-element-match.kt
      :language: kotlin

   .. output::
      :language: console

      Results(year=2018, temperatures=null)
      Results(year=2019, temperatures=[MonthlyTemperature(month=March, avg=10.43)])

When you've specified matching criteria in the **query** portion of your operation, use the ``elemMatch(String)`` method
variant to specify a :manual:`positional projection </reference/operator/projection/positional/#sorts-and-the-positional-operator>` to include
the first element of an array. Only documents that match the query filter will be retrieved.

.. important::

>    In MongoDB versions < 4.4, the specified array field must appear in the query filter. Beginning in MongoDB 4.4,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In MongoDB version 4.4 and earlier, the specified array field must appear in the query filter. Beginning in MongoDB 4.4,
```

Reviewer 2: Updated
